Hi, youtube group today. I taught.
see the family and these languages
coconut marinas to face your
birthday party
it can be used still arrived alone
so to place in the center of the table of the
guests so it is a bigger duckling to
be used as financial EFSF shirt
mouth
finally the creativity of you who
It really sucks and it's a way.
very original always coconut bullet
so come on because I'm going to need it
We're going to need it from here. Come on, city.
had so many blood scissors and glue
had imagined
now let's go and the coconut meal is clear
right and to mill the rod we use the
lines of how to use my book
come on, you cut the cellophane
from the middle of that size
It can be a small people unless you have
there was one who wants to know what the
The problem for us is coconut straw when we
comes a package they also all the same
size
so you're going to have to go round
adinair from her house to steal line
look very cute
I'll use at least 5 little balls to
make yours you put them forming
so a circle
then you put the ball gum
to make the girl always with a
work meeting
There you come with the toothpick and gym.
smart and in the middle of the bay of
There you go, all right, slowly.
Ghana then pilot O was already taking
providing
There you give a good screw.
competitive and love even if she did not lose
the series does not even come to compete there
You can dance to ale.
look very cute
can be larger if you want
betray his little flower of noise
conquer ready